Update README.md (#1)
afiune/godist: README.md

# godist
A simple generator for creating easily distributable Go packages

This automation provides an easy way to generate variables that can be configured
globally across multiple go packages, such as trademarks, product names, websites,
etc. This generator should be defined as a `go:generate` comment and run at build
time, using the `go generate` command.

### Example-1
Our first example involves a simple use within a single main package. First, create
a file called `dist_gen.go` with the following command:

```go
package main
//go:generate go run github.com/afiune/godist
```

The automation will deploy a file called `dist.go` with all the variables defined
inside the JSON file `glob_dist.json` inside this repository. (See a real example
at [example-main/](example-main).)

### Example-2

> In our second example involving multi-package. Create a go package called `dist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our second example involving multi-package, create a go package called `dist`
```

with a file called `gen.go` with the following command:

```go
package dist
//go:generate go run github.com/afiune/godist global.go dist
```

This usage is for go projects that has multiple packages. By creating a single `dist`
package inside your repository, you can import the generated package in any other
packages. (See a real example at [example-multi-pkg/](example-multi-pkg).)

### Example-3

To fully customize this automation, a user can provide a URL pointing to a custom JSON

> file as a third parameter to the `go:generate` directive, such file should contains the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file as a third parameter to the `go:generate` directive. This custom JSON file should contain the
```
